in my first video recipe I will be
showing you how to make one of my
favorite meals miuna schnitzel this
happens to be the most Austrian as you
can try and I highly recommend you try
if you get a chance for this recipe
you'll need some meat which I'll talk
about in a second some salt and
optionally some pepper about 2 cups of
breadcrumbs 2 cups of all-purpose flour
does something you have in your pantry
nothing too fancy and three to four eggs
depending on the size and also some
large we use something similar to
concentrated butter but lard or a good
quality oil can also be used for high
efficiency I recommend you set up three
stations using two sheets of aluminum
foil and a deep plate begin by whisking
the eggs in the deep plate and lightly
seasoned with some salt
then transfer both the flour and the
breadcrumbs to the two aluminum sheets
now season the meat for this recipe we
use turkey meat however traditionally
either veal or pork could be used
lightly seasoned salt and if you like a
little bit of pepper now you can take
the meat and completely cover it with
the flour dust off any excess and then
immediately dunk it into the whisk eggs
again the NEX excess drip off and then
transfer to the breadcrumbs you'll want
to ensure that the meat is completely
and evenly covered in the breadcrumbs
and I find this is easiest if you use
your fingers to really pop the
breadcrumbs into the meat then transfer
the breaded meat onto plate and continue
doing the same with the rest
for the full recipe you can visit my
blog health inspirations net where I
have the recipe including the exact
quantities I'll have a link to my blog
and all my social media channels in the
information bar below so check that out
if you're interested when you're done
breading the meat you can heat up the
lard in a large deep pan make sure not
to heat up too high otherwise you'll
burn the meat a good way to test whether
the large or the oil is hot enough is to
simply sprinkle some of the dry
breadcrumbs into the oil and when they
start sizzling you can start frying the
meat
fry the schnitzel for about four to five
minutes on medium heat until a dust
golden and then carefully flip over on
to the other side
try not to splatter oil over a kitchen
fry for another four minutes on the
other side transfer the schnitzel onto a
plate covered with a few layers of
kitchen roll to prevent a big puddle of
oil from forming whilst you're cooking
the rest of the meat you can transfer
the cooked schnitzel to a preheated oven
which will ensure that they stay warm
and crispy we usually serve schnitzel
with butter parsley potatoes and a
preserve made from cow berries which
might be a bit hard to find outside of
Europe by ketchup is a really good cut
substitute
and force them by the mins we like
having a side salad on this particular
day we had a salad from the garden with
some radishes I hope you enjoyed this
video and for more recipes and more live
stunts by our posts make sure to visit
my blog